fix(UI): numeric and special characters works with search (#1179)
eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

- **Technical User Management**
  - enhanced technical user details [#1030](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1030), [#1093](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1093)
  - added Usertype column to technical user management list [#1090](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1090)

> - **Numeric and Special Characters for Search in AppOverview**
>   - updated the regex for search validation[#1179] (https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1179)

Reviewer: could you please move the update of the changelog to the unreleased section? (first rebase to main)

```suggestion
- **App Overview**
  - updated the regex for search validation for numeric and special characters [#1179] (https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1179)
```

- **Technical User Management**
  - enhanced technical user details [#1030](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1030), [#1093](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1093)
  - added Usertype column to technical user management list [#1090](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1090)
- **Numeric and Special Characters for Search in AppOverview**

>   - updated the regex for search validation[#1179] (https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-frontend/pull/1179)

Reviewer: Hi @Usmanfee  we have an continuous issue in the changelog file, the entry is at the wrong place and it's not even shown as conflict. I suggest you revert any change to the changelog and add the information which should be added to the changelog in the PR description and I add it then at the next release to the changelog file, sorry for the inconvenience.
